Move mark_dirs from bookdown in xfun (#44)
yihui/xfun: NEWS.md

# CHANGES IN xfun VERSION 0.20

## NEW FEATURES

> - Added a function `mark_dirs()` to mark directories with a trailing slash in a vector of paths to differentiate them from file names. Useful when creating messages for users in console output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a function `mark_dirs()` to mark directories with a trailing slash in a vector of paths to differentiate them from normal filenames (#44).
```
